Awesome. You've learned some very applicable search algorithms
for path planning in a discretized space.
Using this knowledge, you'll be able to direct
your robot to get from one point on a map to another.
Hopefully, prove itself useful in one way or another.
The search algorithms are also relevant in many other fields,
from planning routes for your next drive to finding your friends on social media sites.
Graph search is widely used in today's digital society.
In addition to learning the algorithms themselves,
you've also learned some essential vocabulary.
You should now be able to assess an algorithms completeness,
optimality, efficiency, and other qualities.